c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\BlogSearch.exe.config
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\BlogSearch.exe
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\BlogSearch.pdb
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Search.dll
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.Azure.dll
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Spatial.dll
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Search.xml
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.xml
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.Azure.xml
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Spatial.xml
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\obj\Debug\BlogSearch.exe
c:\users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\obj\Debug\BlogSearch.pdb
C:\Users\econt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BlogSearch\BlogSearch\obj\Debug\BlogSearch.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
